Roller => solved, pretty much 
Machine Type	Roller No.	Roller Type	RD	WL	TL	Compound


RollerBuilder:
1. CoreBuilder
2. Compound
3. Size: RD	WL	TL
4. Roller Type
5. Machine Type 
6. Roller No 


Blanket => the fiber , comes in roll. They call it blanket stock roll.
	ZGA identifies each roll. In each roll, the blanket's unit of measurement is SQM
	
	
	BB = beginning balance
	EB = ending balance 
	
	We do make blanket for stock. However, we do make it based on customer's order as well. 
	
	Information required in blanket job order:
	1. JobOrderDate
	2. Customer
	3. Blanket Type (Eco , Vulcan, etc)
	4. Press Machine (Ryobi 920)
	5. Size : 939 x 681 x 1.96 (thickness)
	5.5 Item Type: Bar or Non Bar? 
	6. Bar Type : 50308
	7. Quantity 
	8. Expected delivery date 
	
	# on blanket job order confirm : will auto create blanket job order detail
	
	Question for now: is blanket an item? For stocking purposes,
	
	Hence, they have to select the size and blanket type (BIF), then select quantity. 
	
	If there is no size and blanket type, must create new BIF.
	
	BIF variant:
	1. blanket type (Vulcan, Blanket Intaglio, Vulcan C3 007)
	2. bar type
	2.1 BlanketCase: With Bar or Without Bar
	3. dimension 
	4. press type
	
	If customer wants to do customer blanket => create new BIF
	
	BlanketJobOrder:
	1. Select BIF
	2. Customer
	3. JobOrderDate
	4. Quantity 
	5. ExpectedDeliveryDate  
	
	On Confirm: auto create BlanketJobOrderDetail 
	

Things to do:
1. Create unit of measurement (item has one unit of measurement)	
2. Create Compound (compound extends item)
3. Create Blanket (blanket extends item)
4. Create Bar  (bar extends item)
5. Create RollerBuilder
		Roller recovery process:
		1. Receive goods from customer
		2. Create roller identification
		3. Create work order
6. Create Blanket 